this is a very quick video for you guys
but I just wanted to pass along my
latest beauty secret which is about the
cheapest one you're going to find in a
long time cheapest the most for your
money cheap so here's what it is it is
coconut oil this is Nature's Way coconut
oil but I don't think it matters which
coconut oil you get except for it should
be a very high quality this is from
whole foods it was 999 and you get this
giant tub of it and i've been using it
on my skin and my hair and people are
saying things which is sort of the
ultimate way you know that must be doing
something good so here's situation
coconut oil is you know i did buy it in
a food store and it is used for cooking
you can see it says good for cooking
right on the label but you can also use
it for your skin and your hair so when
you buy it it comes solid and you need
to either warm it up and liquefy it or
if you are like me and you live on the
equator for the summer absurd it
actually warms up by itself and it
liquefies all by itself you know that
which is both creepy and convenient um
so what you do is there's a really no
secret you just unscrew the top and it
is a giant thing of liquid that smells
so good if you don't like the scent of
coconuts you're probably not going to
like coconut oil I happen to love the
smell of coconuts so for me it works out
fine he dip your dip your little pot in
the honey jar I have makeup and I'm
about to go out of the day so I'm not
going to obviously do this but anyway
you put some on your hand you can use as
a moisturizer all of your body spread it
on your face watch Bravo for an hour
gotab it so it absorbs into your skin I
don't wear this during the day I don't
want this in the morning before I put my
makeup on this is this is my nightly my
nightly ritual and
my skin is really really moisturized
I've really dry skin though hair I again
I stick my whole paw in there and I just
soak my hair with oil which seems
totally crazy when you're just putting
oil of your skin and your hair and
you're thinking how is it ever going to
come out but I stick it in my hair I
wrap it in a bun I let it sit for a
couple hours and I wash it off and it
comes right out and my hair is
completely deeply conditioned if you
have thin hair you might not want to use
too much i really really really thick
hair so i have to use a lot but i have
found that it works and it's 999 so even
if you hate it you have spent less money
on this then you have on a lip gloss and
you can just use it for cooking stir fry
in the future so there's that um and if
you're scared about putting oil on your
skin I understand it seems really
counterintuitive it seems like you're
going to clog your pores but I can
promise you this i would tell you that
oil is in most of your makeup at home
whether you would like it or not it's in
your foundation it's in a lot of
different things and that you know a lot
of the stuff we put on our skin every
day is clogging your pores a lot more
than a really pure oil is lunch so take
the challenge buy yourself some coconut
oil cook up some fun dishes give
yourself some moisturizer give yourself
a hair mask and like you know all your
chores for the day are done it just is
such a simple beauty product if you will
that I had to share with you and people
have been commenting on my hair and my
skin and and this is why okay so i will
see you guys again soon hi